Hey, Koto, give me some sake.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy.
Please hurry up and give me some.
What are you talking about? I'm not drinking.
I'm drinking sake. I'm drinking sake.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy.
Please hurry up and give me some.
I'm busy. I'm bringing some sake.
I'm going to get wet, so please be quiet.
What are you talking about?
I'm not going to get wet.
Everyone is going to sleep.
Are you going to sleep?
I'm going to sleep.
If you don't bring me some sake, I'll get angry.
Please forgive me. I'm going to get wet.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I refuse to serve you.
Please hurry up and give me some.
I'm not drinking.
I'm just a friend.
I was looking for you.
Thank you very much.
Please forgive me.
I'm sorry.
I'm not sorry.
Look at the people in front of you.
I'm not drinking.
I'm drinking one more.
I'm drinking sake.
Please give me some.
Thank you very much.
I'm not drinking.
I'm drinking sake.
Please give me some.
I'm going to drink the most.
Don't say that.
How much is it?
Thank you very much.
I'll have 2.50 yen.
I don't have any fish.
I'm only drinking sake.
Did you drink?
I drank.
I'm not dead.
I'm not drinking.
Is it 1?
1?
It's 15.
It's a good fish.
I'll pay.
I have 3.
I don't need fish.
Wait.
I'll take the fish.
I'm sorry.
I'll pay 3.
I won't drink.
I have to drink.
Let's go.
One more step.
Come on, let's go.
It's hard to walk on the street.
Goodbye.
Thank you.
Oh, you're here.
Wait for me.
It's hard.
What's hard?
I'm going to walk.
I'm pulling you.
Oh, I see.
I thought you were strange.
You can walk with your eyes closed.
Don't talk nonsense.
Walk properly.
You're surprised.
You're always on my back.
The sun sets in the desert.
At night,
the sun sets in the desert.
What should I do?